Deidara Backstory

    Born 1371 Dalereckoning

    Age now: 78

    Born in a city called Olsa Thalor a city full of Elves and Gnomes. Olsa Thalor resides roughly 12,000 feet above sea level,
    with a massive mountain behind the city that is full of Sulfur/Gems and other mysterious artifacts.
    Born into a Merchant family that does quite a bit of business with elves. I've learned quite a bit of things
    over the years, anything from Thieves tools, Tinkering, Woodcarving, Smith Tools, Glassblowing,
    and Alchemy. The one thing that I kind of fell into was explosives. Something about it got me going, and everything
    I learned from my Dad through watching, copying, and experimenting. My sisters however took after my Mom and cousins
    with a safer form of trade. I started to learn different techniques and spells that eventually made me learn how to create different machines.
    I lost track of days trying to figure out different implementations that would make explosives better. Elves from around
    the city would come buy different kinds of explosives from my shop. Eventually when war started in our lands
    mercenaries would come to my shop to buy explosives by the thousands. I've sold quite a bit of explosives and made
    a massive amount of money. All of it is in the vaults within the Elven city, easily over 500,000 platinum. But with
    explosives comes the chance of some bad people buying them in quantity...

    A massive explosion happened within the city and the explosives was traced back to my shop. Due to this, I spent
    5 years in jail. I didn't feel like I should be in jail as I was only a merchant, anything that leaves my shop is
    completely out of my control. Even though that explosion killed over 50 people... Which I'm not sure how I'll
    say I'm sorry to the families... During prison however, I found ways to make the guards go insane, which three of the
    guards actually went mentally insane. The rest however paid me to make them stop going insane with the neat little
    tinkering that I did. Throughout the 5 years, I had the guards bring in the families of the 50 and apologized to each
    of them. The thing is... each of them only wanted one thing. The people who were responsible for the explosion to
    be brought to justice, or be dealt with in some fashion...

    Well... After 5 years I went back to my shop and started to start selling explosives and made more than I did previously.
    More experimentation happened and one day the same individuals that killed so many came into the shop. The one thing
    I was experimenting with was a very small explosive that could be placed into a persons pocket, with enough explosive
    to kill whoever held the explosives. Let's just say they came in for explosives, left with fakes except for the small
    gifts of explosives I gave each of them with the expression, "It's more powerful than you could ever imagine".
    Soon after they left, I heard screams down the street and tiny explosives going off. Each of them perished and one
    of the families saw what happened. They looked as I was looking out my shop to see the chaos at foot. I gave them a quick
    nod and a wink then went back into my shop. They knew what I did and never questioned me again. Throughout the weeks
    afterwords I kept receiving gifts from each of the families as all of them knew what I did. Even seemed like the entire
    city knew what I did, guards left me alone, I got more business from the entire city. I gained more respect throughout
    the city.

    Everything was going great... until one day one of my experiments blew up wrong and sent me to a new place, through
    a portal that I never knew would ultimately change my world upside down...