Classes interested in:
    Barbarian - Path of Wild Magic
    Warlock - Fiend / Undead / Hexblade
        Pact of the Blade Invocations:
            Thirsting Blade
            Mask of Many Faces
            Improved Pact Weapon
        Pact of Chains Invocations:
            Mask of Many Faces
            Voice of the Chain Master
            Eyes of the Rune Keeper
    Rogue - Assassin / Arcane Trickster

Races interested in:
    Aasimar - Scourge / Fallen (Might be interesting to play with)
    Kenku - (Would be difficult to play as its purely mimic based)
    Goliath - (Would be a completely different form of playing as it's not long range)

What I'm thinking:
    Goliath Barbarian
    Kenku Rogue
    Aasimar Warlock/Rogue


Warlock - Fallen Aasimar
    Hexblade
        Pact of the Blades
            Backstory
                Family was killed and was in a bad spot, was after the people that killed them. Got surprised by them
                and was left for dead in the middle of the woods. Something called out to me, I crawled to the voice
                to find a Raven. The Raven landed on my shoulder and spoke into my ear, and gave me an ultimatum. Either
                take a Pact or die in the freezing night. I took the Pact and something happened to me, I became something...
                different. I couldn't explain it at the time but, the Raven never left my side, I could see through it,
                I saw it die, and a voice talked to me inside my head. The voice taught me how to make the Raven come back
                after a while. I named the Raven Ariel as it seemed like a suitable name. I began to understand how to fight,
                what I became and hunted down the people that killed my family. They couldn't stop me and ran in fear from
                my new form. I slaughtered them like sheep, and I'm forever in debt to the Raven Queen. I'm no longer... Human.
                I'm something else that the Raven Queen changed in me. It felt as if... I died and was reborn as something
                entirely different. I understand what I am now, and accept that I will be this way for the rest of my life.
                I travel for the Raven Queen and do her bidding for her at will and without question.
                I'm in servitude with the Raven Queen until the day I die.

        Backstory (DnD):
        Feat:


Rogue - Fallen Aasimar
    Assassin
        Backstory
            Was an orphan from the beginning, never knew my parents, had no family or home. The only way I could live
            was learn how to hide and steal to survive. I was caught a few times, beaten, thrown, went to town or city.
            I got into trouble in a city I came into and was caught by the wrong crowd. I didn't think that I was going
            to survive... A person picked me up from near death I remember being taken somewhere into the city, deep within a building.
            I don't remember much afterwards, I woke up and didn't feel the same. My eyes changed color at times when
            something came over me, frightened myself multiple times. I also had these ghastly wings appear in that state.
            The man that saved me, told me what I was now and that I would never be the same person I once was. He taught
            me how to steal, hide, change my face and appearance that I would never look the same. Eventually, the man
            taught me how to kill at a very young age and kill from the shadows. I went on assassination missions with
            him, learned everything that I could from him. He taught me how to summon a Crow (Raven Stats 5e) after a
            period of time. He taught me how to look through the Crows eyes to see what my Crow see's, be able to track,
            be able to follow and mix in with other Crows to make mine look like a normal Crow. He taught me everything
            I needed to know with my familiar. He told me to start taking missions of my own, and I did with
            great success. I became the man of many faces, a man with no name that traveled with a Crow.
            I never saw him again afterwards, still to this day, I don't know his name. But, I don't have a name of my own either...
            Now... I travel around I'm a hired assassin for those who want people taken care of, moving from place to place
            and never staying in the same place twice. I'm a person that moves in the shadows, never revealing my face
            to anyone. I've grown more attached to the Crow and gave it a name, Ariel. I was taught to never allow myself
            to get attached to anything or anyone, but this Crow is... well... different... I am what you call,
            the shadow of death.

        Backstory (DnD):
        Feat: